[somber music playing]
So, I've been having these dreams.
And last night, I dreamed I found Jed.
And he told me
who his foster parents are
and where they live.
So, when I woke up this morning,
I went there.
But when I got there…
Jed was gone.
And they were dead.
I know it's hard to believe, but--
[Lyta] I believe you.
Because last night, I had a dream
that I spent the night with Hector.
And when I woke up this morning…
Oh, my God.
I know.
Is it real?
Feel it.
-Oh, my God.
-I know.
[caws]
What is happening to us?
I think I know the answer to that.
I think it's me.
[caws]
I don't know how she did it,
but Rose just got Lyta pregnant.
What?
Apparently it happened in her dream,
and when Lyta woke up--
-She was still pregnant.
-Very much so.
Then it's starting.
Rose is weakening
the walls between the realms.
[caws] You gonna tell the boss?
-No.
-"No"?
It's none of my business.
Uh, since when?
Since Lord Morpheus reminded me
that I'm merely a librarian
and should concern myself
with my books from now on.
He said that? [caws]
He did. So…
What is wrong with him?
Nothing is wrong with him.
He's always been this way.
He's just been away so long I'd forgotten.
He's determined to deal with the vortex
and the missing Arcana by himself.
Without anyone's help.
So any news must be reported
directly and exclusively to him.
Okay. But can I keep you in the loop?
You'd better not.
In His Majesty's current mood,
he could banish us both to the Darkness.
As he did Gault.
[Matthew] All right, fine.
I'll go back to spying on Rose.
But you should make up with him.
I should make up with him?
Yes. [caws]
Now's not the time to be fighting,
not when there's a vortex
getting people pregnant
and runaway Nightmares
doing God knows what.
[sighs]
Mm.
[faint music playing]
[chuckles]
You want another one?
Don't we have to meet Rose?
-No, Rose is coming to meet us.
-Here?
No. I have to go to a work thing.
It's a convention.
-We'll call her from there.
-Like a comic book convention?
You like comic books?
I used to.
Back when you were a kid?
-Yeah.
-Can I ask you a question?
-Shoot.
What's your name?
Have you ever noticed
how people only ever use your name
when you're in trouble… Jed?
"We need to talk, Jed."
"Get in here, Jed."
You sound like my Uncle Barnaby.
-Exactly.
-He's gonna come looking for me.
No, he's not.
He always comes looking for me.
Hmm, not this time.
Do you run away a lot?
-Hmm.
-I do too.
And I'll tell you a secret.
[softly] I'm running away right now.
You are?
And once we get to Rose,
we don't have to run anymore.
We'll be home free.
Are you ready to meet your sister?
Yeah.
Well, then let's go. Come on.
You wanna drive?
Ah! [chuckles]
This is all my fault.
Because you're a dream vortex?
I don't know how I'm doing it
or even when I'm doing it,
but I promise you… I will fix this.
I will make it go away.
No, you won't.
Look, whatever's happening,
however it's happening,
our dreams are coming true.
You found Jed in your dreams.
And I found Hector.
In fact, uh…
he's asked me to live with him there.
Where?
In your dreams?
How? That's impossible.
I have no idea.
I mean, if this can happen, I have to try.
So, you'd just… give up on your life here?
-What life?
-Don't say that.
It's true, though.
And… you can always visit.
How?
The same way
you found Jed and I found Hector.
In your dreams.
[cell phone buzzing]
[cell phone chimes]
-Hello?
-[Corinthian] Hi.
I'm calling because
I found one of your flyers.
-About a missing boy?
-Yes?
["Skeletons" playing on stereo]
I think I found him.
-Rose?
-Jed?
-Hi!
-[Rose] Hi.
I… I can't believe it.
Are you okay? Where are you?
We're at a hotel in Georgia.
Can you come get me?
[Rose] Yes. I'm leaving right now, Jeddy.
Tell me the name of the hotel.
[music continues]
[Jed] The Royal Empire Hotel.
[Rose] Royal Empire Hotel.
You're about three hours from here.
Is that okay?
She's three hours away.
I'll answer to her.
Rose. Take your time. Just call us
at this number when you get here.
Thank you. Oh. I almost forgot.
What's your name?
We'll see you soon.
All right, kid. Let's go.
♪ High time to come to Jesus ♪
♪ You got skeletons in your closet ♪
♪ It's written all over your face ♪
♪ Every little lie stacked so high ♪
♪ Can't keep your story straight ♪
♪ I don't know, oh, oh ♪
♪ How they got there
It's getting under my skin ♪
♪ You got skeletons in your closet ♪
♪ And I got bones to pick with them, oh ♪
[indistinct chatter]
Been on the road for three days.
Drive was a killer.
Hate these hick towns. Wouldn't be caught
dead here if it wasn't for the convention.
-What you looking for?
-It's a cereal convention.
I thought there'd be cereal.
Are you still hungry?
Okay. Well, have a seat, uh, over there
and we'll get you something to eat.
Tell ya, I could murder a steak.
A good, bloody steak.
They do this
chocolate fudge whip to die for.
The TV version butchered it,
but you can find it uncut online.
Hell, I thought this whole issue
was dead and buried in the '60s.
[man 1] That's when Harry
killed the lights. I could've died.
[man 2] He slays me, that guy.
[inaudible conversation]
[man 3] Nemesis of Neglect, there you go.
[chuckles]
[woman] There he is.
Our guest of honor
doesn't need to wait in line.
We've got name tags and room keys for you
and the young woman joining you.
I've got her younger brother
with me as well.
You may want to advise him
to steer clear of the convention areas.
Yeah.
[knock at door]
Uh, Miss Walker? It's Gilbert.
[Rose] Uh, one second.
Go. I'll be fine.
Our esteemed landlord tells me
we're running low on these.
Actually, we don't need them anymore.
I just got a call. Someone found Jed.
What? Where?
He's at a hotel in Georgia.
I'm on my way there now.
You're not going alone, I hope.
Uh, Lyta's not feeling well, so…
You must allow me to accompany you.
Uh, I believe America is a very large
and excitable place,
and a young person traveling alone
can get into all kind of scrapes.
As witnessed the other night.
That's very generous of you, but--
If you'll indulge me,
I should rather enjoy the role
of amateur knight errant.
I have my swordstick
and an ancient but serviceable revolver.
All right. But where we're going,
we won't need to defend ourselves.
I, uh, actually got to meet him once.
You met the Big Bad Wolf?
The actor who did the voice.
Wow.
Hey. Fun.
Fun Land. Not "Fun." Fun Land.
Got it. Sorry about that.
-That's okay.
-I see you've met my young friend.
-[chuckles]
-[Fun Land] Oh.
Is he with you?
He is.
He and his sister are my guests
and under my protection.
Are we good?
We are. Yeah. We're good.
Glad to hear it. Come on, Jed.
Nice to meet you.
[sighs heavily]
[classical music playing]
-[Rose] You sure you don't mind driving?
-[Gilbert] No. Not at all.
When I left home, I made it my mission
to see as much of this world as possible.
And home is England? You sound English.
Thank you.
Just, you know, to me,
the object of travel
is not to set foot in a foreign land,
but at last to set foot
in your own country as a foreign land.
So, it's all about going home?
Yes. I, I suppose it must be, in the end.
And, and you and Miss Hall will be
going home, I assume. Uh, with Jed?
Uh, Lyta has other plans, actually.
Oh, yes, you said that, um,
she wasn't feeling very well.
Is everything all right?
I hope so.
[Lyta softly moaning]
Are you sure this is okay?
Very sure.
-[rumbling]
-[objects clattering]
What was that?
Uh…
An earthquake.
I'll be right back.
[sighs]
This has never happened before, I promise.
I believe you.
[chuckles] It's fine.
I guess if earthquakes
happen in real life,
they can happen in dreams too, right?
Yeah. We call those nightmares.
Come here.
Does this look like a nightmare to you?
Not at all.
[ominous music playing]
[distant cracking]
Loosh? You in here?
Whoops. Oh, sorry, boss.
I was looking for Lucienne.
-See ya.
-Wait.
Why were you looking for Lucienne?
Oh, well, we just had some
minor seismic activity
and a little, you know,
damage I wanted to report.
Then why not report it to me?
Uh, because you're busy?
While you were away, Lucienne started
taking care of that stuff,
so I figured…
[chuckles] why bother you when--
Mervyn, if The Dreaming
has been damaged in any way,
I will be the one to address it.
[rumbling]
[cracking]
Oh, for crying out loud.
You want me to fix that for you?
Or will it just keep happening?
It will not keep happening
because I will find
the cause of the disturbance
and I will eliminate it.
-Thank you, Mervyn.
-Uh, you're welcome.
[Dream] Lucienne?
My lord.
I have come to return these…
and to assess the extent of the damage
from the recent disturbances.
Have… you any idea as to what caused them?
-I assumed it was you, sir.
-Me?
Making further improvements
to the realm… now that you're back.
Lucienne, when we last spoke,
I did not mean to imply that your efforts
beyond the library are without value.
Oh?
I really wish to
relieve you of responsibilities
with which, had I been here,
you would never have been burdened.
I see.
And… in that time,
did you experience any…
similar seismic disturbances?
I did not.
Have you any… theory as to their origin?
Speaking strictly as a librarian? I do.
-But you won't like it.
-Go on.
I know you're waiting to see
if the vortex will lead you
to The Corinthian and Fiddler's Green.
-The way she led you to Gault.
-She may yet still.
Yes, but while you're waiting,
she's putting cracks in the foundation.
Rose Walker has visited
this realm before and done no damage.
-This is something else, something new.
-Perhaps.
But if there is something new
in The Dreaming and you did not create it,
how did it get here?
This is the vortex. I assure you.
I can't thank you enough, Unity.
[Unity] You did all the work, Rose, love.
May I ask Mr. Holdaway to send tickets?
Bring you both over?
I'd love that. Thank you.
I'll ask him to see about
making you Jed's legal guardian.
So no one can take Jed away again.
Would that be all right?
Yes! Thank you, Unity.
Thank Mr. Holdaway for me too.
Thank you, Rose, love.
I'll contact my associates in the US.
What if they were to live here?
-Here?
-In London.
You could find us a house.
Rose could write, Jed would go to school.
I could adopt them.
-At your age?
-[scoffs]
Be happy for me, Mr. Holdaway.
I'm going to have a life after all.
[Gilbert] You're going to London?
And I'm gonna be
Jed's legal guardian from now on.
I must say,
that's very grown-up, Rose Walker.
It is, isn't it?
-What's wrong?
-Well, what if Jed and I…
-What if he doesn't like me?
-[chuckling]
Or worse, what if I don't like him?
-What?
-I'm just so impressed.
You allowed yourself to be happy
for nearly a minute there
before inventing some
new problems for yourself.
I'm just nervous.
I haven't seen him since he was five.
The only thing I remember about him
is he used to love chicken fingers.
That's all he'd eat for every meal.
He's probably completely different now.
[indistinct chatter on TV]
Your sister will be here in a few hours
and I need you to do me a favor
and just stay in the room
until she gets here, okay?
-I can't go with you?
-No. No, no. Trust me, you don't want to.
It's just a bunch of
boring grown-ups down there.
Then why are you going?
I'm going to make it… less boring.
So, I'll see you in a couple hours.
And do not open this door.
I won't, unless it's you.
Okay. We gotta keep you safe, Jed Walker.
[elevator dings]
[door opens]
[door closes]
[indistinct chatter]
[clears throat]
-Hello. [chuckles]
-[all] Hello.
[Nimrod] Thank you all for being here.
Yeah, uh… [clears throat]
I heard a story recently, uh,
I thought might amuse you.
It seems that
the telephone rang in a police station.
Uh, the duty cop answers,
and a woman's voice says,
"Help. I've been reaped."
The cop says, "Don't you mean 'raped'?"
"No," she says, "He used a scythe."
[all laugh]
[chuckles]
[Fun Land laughs]
So it's really good
to see so many of us here,
so many familiar faces
and, uh, new faces too.
For those of you
joining us for the first time,
there are a few rules we must adhere to.
Firstly, use the sobriquet you provided
which has been printed on your name tag.
No civilian names.
Secondly, uh, we don't shit where we eat.
So nobody does any collecting
until the convention's over
and you're at least 200 miles away.
Aw.
[laughter]
Thirdly, on an unfortunate note,
The Family Man, who was to have been
our guest speaker this year,
has not been able to make it.
[audience groans] No. Come on.
But… every cloud has a silver lining,
and it gives me great pleasure
to be able to present
our new guest of honor.
Gentlemen, ladies…
The Corinthian.
[all exclaiming]
[chuckles]
[Nimrod] The Corinthian's keynote address
will be in this room
immediately after dinner.
Before that,
we have our cocktail reception.
And our first three panels
to kick off the weekend.
The "Make It Pay" panel will be in Hall A…
[Gilbert] What fascinates me
about humanity
is that so many people
are looking for reasons to be unhappy.
It's only when they're mired
in their self-made misery
that they are truly content.
I'm boring you.
Not at all.
Oh, good. Because I do love a paradox.
Chesterton did too.
Take charity for example.
Charity usually means one of two things,
pardoning an unpardonable act
or loving an unlovable person.
Or take love. Love's an even better one.
To love means loving the unlovable.
To forgive means
pardoning the unpardonable.
Faith means believing the unbelievable.
And hope means hoping
even when everything seems hopeless.
Look at you.
[Lyta chuckles] I know, I'm huge.
You're gorgeous.
I wish this baby would hurry up
and just get here. It's been months.
It's been two hours.
No way.
I guess time moves differently here.
Come on, let me show you the house.
I wish you could've seen it
when we moved in.
[Rose] Why? What's different?
We've had earthquake damage.
I'm so glad you're here!
So what do you think? [caws]
[Dream] Tell Lucienne she was right
about the source of the tremors.
And that I'm taking care of it.
Hector, look who's here.
Lyta, you remember I told you about
Lord Morpheus, the King of Dreams?
What do you want?
He wants us to leave.
Why?
Because a ghost cannot
escape his fate by hiding in The Dreaming.
Nor can a living human being
escape her grief here.
Do you not see the damage
your presence has done to this realm?
I cannot allow you to stay.
Is there anything we can do?
You belong with the dead.
You must go
to the place appointed for you.
I'm sorry, but you must
say your goodbyes now.
[voice breaking] No.
I'm not losing you again.
[Hector] I love you so much.
You're not going anywhere.
Get out of our house.
Lyta--
Enough.
Tell… Tell the baby I--
No.
-Please! Stop.
-[Lyta] Hector?
-[Rose] Dream, please, stop!
-No!
Hector!
[sobbing] No…
Your husband died a long time ago.
He was a ghost and this is a dream.
The baby is yours… for now.
[gasps]
What do you mean?
The child was conceived in The Dreaming.
It is mine.
What?
And one day, I will come for it.
No, you won't. You'll do nothing--
This dream is over.
-[Rose] You killed my friend.
-How did you get here?
In front of his wife,
and then you threaten to take her baby?
Do you know why this happened?
A vortex gathering strength
can weaken the walls between dreams.
I didn't ask for any of this.
-Even so!
-No!
I don't want you coming near me
or my friends ever again.
Rose, listen to me.
I do listen to you.
You said that a vortex
can create universes or destroy them.
So I suggest
you leave my universe the fuck alone.
-Rose--
-This dream is over.
[cell phone ringing]
-Hey, are you okay?
-[crying]
He took Hector.
I know. Are you okay?
Physically, I mean, is everything--
I'm still pregnant.
That's good, right?
He said he would take the baby.
He won't.
He's not gonna bother you
or me ever again.
I promise.
We're here.
[Rose] Gilbert and I
just got to the hotel.
We're gonna grab Jed
and come right back. Okay?
-Okay.
-See you in a few hours.
[Gilbert] Is she all right?
Well, let's find your brother then.
I'm sorry, but you are too young
and too hot to be The Corinthian.
[chuckles] You're too kind.
I've always been curious.
Is the name biblical? A reference to Paul?
Or to Corinth? The Roman city of vice?
Or are you just into leather?
You know, all of the above. [chuckles]
Would, uh, you excuse me for a second?
-Hi.
Oh.
Sorry for staring. It's just…
I can't believe you're here. [chuckles]
-I'm a huge fan.
-Hmm.
There was this, um, incredibly detailed
article of your work online.
I don't know if you've seen it.
It's on this blog called "Chaste."
I'll have to look for it.
Oh, I could send it to you if you want.
I'm The Boogieman by the way.
So I see.
-[both chuckle]
-[Boogieman] Yeah.
Say, can I… buy you a drink
if I promise not to ask
too many annoying questions?
I don't wanna monopolize you.
Yeah. Let's get that drink later.
-I'd love that.
-Yeah.
[Nimrod chuckles]
Well, I see you've met The Boogieman.
[Corinthian] I have.
And that's… not The Boogieman.
Are you sure?
The Boogieman's dead.
He drowned in Louisiana three years ago.
But how do you know?
I know.
We will deal with this immediately.
He mentioned a blog called "Chaste."
Leave it with us.
[The Good Doctor] I'll look into it.
I'll be right back.
[inaudible conversation]
[chuckles]
Hi, it's Rose Walker. Jed's sister.
I'm here in the lobby
when you get this. So, thanks.
So, do we, uh… wait here or, or…
Well, it can't hurt to look around.
Right.
Uh, excuse me, sir, miss?
I'm sorry, but this area
is for convention attendees only.
Ooh, the Cereal Convention.
Yes, I saw your signage outside.
I'm looking for my brother.
I'll run in and out.
-I can't let you.
-[Rose] I'll be a second.
There are no kids in the convention area.
I would know.
No children at a cereal convention?
That seems a bit of a missed opportunity
or is it maybe sort of
more of a porridge and muesli affair?
D-Do you mind?
I have to check these people in.
I appear to have
annoyed him with my questions.
Imagine how annoyed he'd be
if he found out we have these.
Oh.
I take it we're attending
the convention then.
The only thing Jed loved
more than chicken fingers was cereal.
I'll check the pool,
you check the convention hall,
and we'll meet back here in 15?
How exciting!
I've never been an uncle before.
[upbeat music playing]
[The Choirboy] Even 10Gs per victim
identified isn't too much to ask.
Thing to remember is that
they'll pay to know for certain.
Even if the cops don't go with it,
families will.
The goal is to drag out hope.
Because they will pay you
for proof that the trophy is alive.
It's not a ton, but it's usually good
for a few grand at least.
The extra cash is nice,
but we don't do it for the money.
We do it because we are called to do it.
Because we love doing it.
We're artists.
[The Crooner]
♪ She has eyes that men adore so ♪
♪ And a torso even more so ♪
♪ Lydia, oh, Lydia ♪
♪ That encyclopedia ♪
♪ Oh, Lydia, the queen of tattoo ♪
♪ On her back is the Battle of Waterloo… ♪
I have to tell you, I am sick and tired
of the bias against women in our field.
That it is somehow easier for us
because we use our femininity.
What they really mean is sexuality.
As though a woman's sexuality
determines her value.
I don't know about you, but I don't use
my sexuality when I'm collecting.
I use the same skills as anyone else here:
intelligence, preparedness,
and brute force, if necessary.
[The Water Boy] I got 171.
Drowned most of them.
It's not a numbers game for me.
It's about the person.
I won't take just anybody.
I specialize. I'm a connoisseur.
[Adonai] I am a merciful and just God.
For I release men and women and children
from the suffering
and torment of their lives.
And I give them new life in my heaven.
As a born-again Christian, I wanna
disassociate myself from this madman.
I do the bidding of the Lord.
With my hammer.
With my love.
It's not up to me to decide
who lives and who dies.
That's up to God.
God tells me to do it.
God tells me to kill them.
The "Chaste" blog is written
by an apparent fanboy named Philip Sitz.
Who, as you can see,
looks exactly like our Boogieman.
-Yeah.
-[Nimrod] Since you're our guest,
would you care to, uh… collect Mr. Sitz?
Oh, I thought we don't shit where we eat.
-[Nimrod scoffs]
-Except when we have to.
Needs must when the Devil drives.
[all chuckle]
-[The Good Doctor] But as fans of yours…
-Hmm.
…we have to ask, could we watch you work?
Oh, of course.
Or we could work together
and share the experience.
[chuckles]
Please join us.
[Corinthian] So…
Hi, it's Rose Walker calling again.
I'm at the pool now,
but I guess maybe I'll see
if you and Jed are in the restaurant.
Anyway, call me when you get this.
Where do you hunt?
I have a great place.
There are thousands of people there.
All these beautiful little kids
wandering off on their own, getting lost.
Always happy to meet someone
who's friendly and kind.
Yeah.
There are quiet places to take them to
where no one will bother you
until you're done.
And if you can't find any kids
to play with you,
you can always go on the rides.
[both chuckle]
[indistinct chatter]
[Boogieman] Yeah, that's,
uh, how I started collecting.
How did you start?
Porn.
My dad had a subscription to Playboy.
I used to lock myself
in the bathroom with them.
Then hate myself afterwards
and… rip the magazine into shreds.
Then when I finally had sex
with an actual woman,
it was…
awful.
So I did what I always do.
I ripped her to shreds.
Uh, may I leave a message for someone?
The name is Rose Walker.
Ms. Walker hasn't checked in yet.
When she does,
I can give her your message.
No, no, no, but she's not a guest here.
She has a room reserved.
Does she?
C-Can you leave a message
for her, please? From Gilbert.
Hey, I was just looking for you.
Do you, um…
Do you have time
for that drink at the bar now?
Uh…
How about we find some place
that's a little bit quieter?
Uh… Yeah. Okay.
Hi, I'm looking for my younger brother.
And I was wondering
if maybe you've seen him?
Oh, you're Rose Walker.
I am. Why?
I have your room key right here.
-My room key?
-Mm-hmm.
And a message from Gilbert.
He says he's very sorry
but he had to go home.
Um, did he say why?
No, I'm sorry. But can I have
someone show you to your room?
No, I can find it. Thank you.
[Dream] Lucienne?
My lord.
There's something I must tell you.
And I will listen.
But first, you must let me tell you that
you were right.
The vortex was responsible
for the damage to our realm,
and I was… wrong
to risk our safety in the hope
that she would locate the missing Arcana.
You were not entirely wrong, sir.
-She's found them both.
-What?
The Corinthian and Fiddler's Green?
Where? How do you know?
Fiddler's Green told me.
Apologies, lord, for having left.
Why? Why did you leave?
I trusted you.
You were the heart of The Dreaming.
No, sir.
And you were gone.
I was curious.
And it turns out that
life as a human contains substance
I never even imagined when I was here.
Which is why I've returned
because… he's murdering them.
The Corinthian?
He appears to have built up a cult
of worshippers who kill for pleasure,
endangering the waking world
and the life
of a friend called Rose Walker.
The Corinthian has found Rose Walker?
Yes.
Can you imagine the damage
he could do with someone like Rose?
You must tell me where they are.
[both breathing heavily]
[door slams]
[door closes]
[heels clicking]
[Phillip] Oh.
Hey, guys, what's, uh…
What's going on?
We know who you are… Philip.
[stumbling] What are you talking about?
I'm The Boogieman.
R-Really. I am.
You're not one of us.
No. No. I am, I…
I-I wanna be. I want to understand,
that's why I had to get here.
To see you all.
To learn.
Okay, then… let us teach you.
The Good Doctor.
She likes to kill her victims
by removing their organs, one by one.
Nimrod is a hunter.
He can skin, bone, joint,
and gut just about any animal in minutes.
And as for me, well…
I like the eyes.
[screaming]
[all grunting]
[exclaiming]
This one's mine.
[Fun Land] Whoa.
-Buddy.
-Sorry.
Are you okay? What's wrong?
They're after me.
Who? Who's after you?
Come on.
You'll be safe in my room. Yeah?
So, he too spent the last century
in the waking world.
Yes, but he seems to have
experienced the worst of humankind.
Still, his time there appears to have
changed him as it has changed me.
-How so?
-[chuckles]
Lucienne, he came to you
and told you he was wrong.
It was very nearly an apology.
The Morpheus I knew was incapable of that.
[Lucienne] Hmm.
Then perhaps he will be merciful to you
since you came back on your own.
Oh, it doesn't matter what happens to me.
What matters is that
Dream stops The Corinthian
and saves Rose Walker.
There is no saving Rose Walker.
Why on earth would you say that?
Do you not know?
She's a vortex.
Oh.
Oh, dear.
I should have realized.
What have I done?
He's… He's going to have to kill her.
Hello?
Jed?
Rose?
-Jed?
-Rose!
You can't have him. He's my friend.
-Stop.
-We were playing.
-Let him go. He's my brother.
-He's mine!
Let me go!
[Fun Land grunts]
[both panting]
Hurry up!
[laughing maniacally]
Come on!
[Jed] Help! Help!
[panting] You hurt me.
Now I'm gonna have to hurt you. [gasps]
[body thuds]
Hello, Rose.
[grunts]
Don't worry.
You're safe with me.
♪ You got skeletons in your closet ♪
♪ It's written all over your face ♪
♪ Every little lie stacked so high ♪
♪ Can't keep your story straight ♪
♪ I don't know, oh, oh ♪
♪ How they got there
It's getting under my skin ♪
♪ You got skeletons in your closet ♪
♪ And I got bones to pick with them ♪
♪ It's written all over your face ♪
♪ Every little lie stacked so high ♪
♪ Can't keep your story straight ♪
♪I don't know, oh, oh ♪
♪ How they got there
It's getting under my skin ♪
♪ You got skeletons in your closet ♪
♪ And I got bones to pick with ♪
♪ Bones to pick with ♪
♪ Bones to pick with them, hey ♪